neste I'll burn in myself, I'll learn in a letter. I'll burn in myself, stop hurting myself. It was never really like that. It was never really. It was all in my head, sprinting, new car words of sorry, resentment, it's all in your head to truth, and falling my fears, never too strong. And I'm right here, far slipping to a fog, no burning appeal. I just need something, something, I just need something, I just need something, I just need something, I just need something, I just need something, that's real. Someone I wonder, oh, but it all starts with me, somethings can be faced with apologies, self-love is feeling like I saw lightning, it's long and I feel it's hot. It almost made me wanna cry, cry, cry, sometimes it made me wonder why she cried, was everything I tried just a waste of my time. I can't hide from my feelings, trying to feel it, are we through it? I was running from my past and I knew it, I just couldn't stop myself, saw every red flag going back and forth, back against the wall I just came before, looking for a drug to distract me from filming, trying to cut you off, then I'm back at the door, but I know true attraction can't be for magnetism, think it's time to get back to living, and keep on making bad decisions, this life can be so fast and heavy on my heart. Magnetism, you think it's time to get back to living. Yeah. Your back's loose, what everybody doing for the masses. Oh, I'm just staying through it till my last breath, when you live for you, it comes to you just like a magnet. Oh, oh, oh, man. Now I'm fucking scum, feeling the number back, sticking to my plan. I want to let them come and follow it, begging for attention like an email with a follower. Don't treat me like I'm wanting them. They want to be brought up, piss up on my foot, that is cool until we fall out. Live for the approval, I'm not feeling what you sound about. All they do is fuss and shout, everything is for the clown. I'm just throwing me no longer anything on trying to be. Action is the best, rim a deep for anxiety. What is being spiritual, where the daughter heroes go. Niggas meet the heroes, disappoint the dead, they human. That's when I know that they're gonna hate no matter how you move it. No matter how you slice it, I know my flow to mean it's saying he's trying to be the nicest. My soul I've already seen, it's got the genius of a psychic. This flow can be repeated by you. Heathens, don't be trifling, speaking streaks across the sky with me. My light is being striking, more than twice I hit the streets. My overgliming brightest lightning, all this heat that made a diamond. Everything I touch is mightest. Mentally I know the darkest dawns, come with silver lining, since I was born. Then me, myself and I, you're not one less you come between us like a hyphen. It's all on me that's how I like it. Know your worth, the shit is Christless. Break it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh If you don't still need it, what will come? I don't give it up now uh woowow ah uaaah ah ah Uh uh actuil