I'm not a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a can this dance gangimes Sitting at this crowded ass kitchen table, Word tugging, trying to write a verse, cause I'm like, Sudan must, I gotta drop a fucking mixtape. But, this Friday, I ain't got a job, Ain't got shit to do, I might come with you, if you want me to. Saturday, same as yesterday, maybe Sunday, too, got dressed up for church, I can't find my shoes, classic case of Sunday blues. This Saturday, I ain't got a job, Ain't got shit to do, Might chill with the crew, unless you're lonely, too. Check my inbox only you, maybe her, baby, we're not fucking sheets, she just say we were, just to jump and move the words, taking frisk drops. So I got this friend that, a pen don't says a girl, he likes put them in a friend's zone, but sometimes, since signals, misses her skin tone, so he decided to go for it and tell her how he really felt. And I heard it all worked out, meaning while I'm still sitting here, it's kinda figured it's, look at that as first up. It's Friday, I ain't got a job, Ain't got shit to do, I might come with you, if you want me to, Saturday, same as yesterday, maybe Sunday, so got dressed up for church, I can't find my shoes, classic case of Sunday blues. Sunday, still ain't got a job, Ain't got shit to do, might sit next to you, inside that dusting crew, lucky you, smile, say you think I'm handsome, I don't think you're ugly, too. Never seen a hiki on your neck, I guess it must be no, so to make a short story long, I lost all my friends, I said I never changed, it was so to make an end name, but that was dumb, because chasing dreams, things with life's rules, and it's a humor times me when it's someone you never thought to become. You cannot get an A, man. A, man. A, man. I'm not a very good role model for my little brother. I'm constantly fighting with my mother, typical, and my grandmother thinks I'm gonna work this individual. But hey, at least I finally finished that first, though, I'm gonna fall in shit, I'm going to college. It's Friday, I ain't got a job, ain't got shit to do, I might come with you, if you want me to, Saturday, same as yesterday, maybe Sunday, so got dressed up for church, I can't find my shoes, classic cases, Sunday, it's Friday, I ain't got a job, ain't got shit to do, I might come with you, if you want me to, Saturday, same as yesterday, maybe Sunday, so got dressed up for church, I can't find my shoes, classic cases, Sunday,